>> Sarah Drasner: So why SVG?
Let's look at the code for a star again.
Now that is pretty nice.
If I made a star in divs,
what I would have to do is I would
take a div and I would make a border.
And then I would expand the border so
that it's in the entire length of the box
and actually collapse the entire box.
And then I would make every
border transparent, except for
one border that had a corner.
And then I would give that corner a color.
And then I will take that and
that will be a triangle.
Then I will take that and
I would duplicate it,
then I would rotate it with the transform.
And then I'll duplicate it and
rotate it with transform,
rotate it like that over and over again
and then I'd eventually have a star.
That is just a star and
that's not that efficient.
SVG is built for drawing, it's not a hack.
This is actually the way the web
was designed to make drawings.
CSS was not built for making drawings.
CSS was built for layout, it's a hack.
So if you build shapes with CSS,
it can be a good exercise.
It can be like a fun way to get better
at CSS or learn a little bit more.
But no designer on the planet
is building a whole
diagram in CSS and
then handing it to a developer to animate.
That doesn't happen in real life.
Really, what they're gonna do is they're
gonna draw some sort of diagram in
Illustrator or Sketch or something like
that, and hand a developer an SVG.
CSS was not made for drawing like SVG is,
and also it clouds up the dom.
We talked a little bit
about accessibility.
Creating a star with CSS is not
exactly the most accessible thing
you could do on the planet.
I drew this in SVG and
it's 2 kilobytes GZipped.
And you can kind of guess why,
it's a bunch of circles.
You know how I made the circles?
The circles are c-x-c-y and a radius.
That's pretty small, so these kind of
shapes are so easy for SVG to draw.
We can also reach inside it and
animate isolated elements.
And throw the cow over the moon and
make it scare the astronaut, and
we're gonna do that later today.
So that's really fun.